Update deployment documentation (#53)
unicode-org/icu-demos: icu-kube/README.md

```

… That will serve up the demos at http://localhost:8888/icu-bin/icudemos

> ## Building a releas for deployment and deploy it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building a release for deployment and deploying it
```
